Bytes to bytesNN conversion (#11047)
ethereum/solidity: docs/types/conversion.rst

    uint8 d = uint8(uint16(a)); // d will be 0x34
    uint8 e = uint8(bytes1(a)); // e will be 0x12

> ``bytes`` arrays and ``bytes`` calldata slices can be converted to fixed bytes types(``bytes1``/.../``bytes32``).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
``bytes`` arrays and ``bytes`` calldata slices can be converted explicitly to fixed bytes types(``bytes1``/.../``bytes32``).
```

> ``bytes`` arrays and ``bytes`` calldata slices can be converted explicitly to fixed bytes types(``bytes1``/.../``bytes32``).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
``bytes`` arrays and ``bytes`` calldata slices can be converted explicitly to fixed bytes types (``bytes1``/.../``bytes32``).
```

> ``bytes`` arrays and ``bytes`` calldata slices can be converted to fixed bytes types(``bytes1``/.../``bytes32``).
> If array is longer than the target fixed bytes type panic will happen.
> If array is shorter than the target type, value will be padded on the right side.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
``bytes`` arrays and ``bytes`` calldata slices can be converted to fixed bytes types (``bytes1``/.../``bytes32``).
In case the array is longer than the target fixed bytes type, a panic will happen.
If the array is shorter than the target type, it will be padded with zeros at the end.
```

::

    // SPDX-License-Identifier: GPL-3.0

>     pragma solidity >0.8.2;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    pragma solidity ^0.8.4;
```

Author: I need to use `pragma solidity >0.8.3;` because of cmdLineTests script fails with `^0.8.4`

Reviewer: I thought we fixed that?

Author: I don't remember if someone worked on that, but let me check if I can fix it quickly, so we can set proper pragmas here

Reviewer 2: I fixed that in #10770.

Note that it makes the check ignore the version returned from `get_version.sh`. If you haven't rebased on `develop` after yesterday's release then it will still see `0.8.3` (rather than `0.8.4`) as the current dev version.

Author: I implemented what was needed for `cmdlineTests.sh` in order to be able to pass when we change to `^0.8.4`
https://github.com/ethereum/solidity/pull/11166

    uint8 d = uint8(uint16(a)); // d will be 0x34
    uint8 e = uint8(bytes1(a)); // e will be 0x12

> ``bytes`` arrays and ``bytes`` calldata slices can be converted explicitly to fixed bytes types (``bytes1``/.../``bytes32``).

Reviewer: I think we usually list the allowed explicit conversions in the sections about the individual types. Can you check and maybe add something there as well?

Author: I couldn't find anything for ``bytes`` but will check once more
